Song Nianyi, you are just better off than me
I found a good husband
A rich grandfather
But don't you forget
I also have a backer
The backer you mentioned is the original sound signed on it
Or the old lady
Ah, how dare you slander the lady
Madam, we were blind to Mount Tai before
In the future, if you say something, we will never dare to be in the past, ma'am
Please forgive me this time.
Bullying
hold high and mine low
People like you
It is more harmful to the company than A Ying
Nangong Group can't tolerate employees like you
You are fired
All the losses you have caused to the group
We will pursue it to the end
It's over, Nangong Group doesn't want us anymore
Who will dare to use me in the future?
you
Ah, my stomach.
Ahhh
My stomach is bleeding
Ah!